[creaking]
[clicking]
[theme music playing]
WOO YOUNG-WOO
[clinks]
[whale calls]
[train rumbles]
[beeping]
[clacking]
[clock alarming]
[blanket rustles]
[clicks]
[birds chirping]
[pleasant music playing]
[clacks]
[deep breath]
[exulting music playing]
ALL ABOUT CODING
A REINTERPRETATION OF CODING
COMPUTER SCIENCE BASICS
GRAND PRIZE
THE 2020 CYBERSECURITY COMPETITION
[tableware clonks]
Oh, Sang-hyeon, you're up.
[housekeeper] I made the gimbap
you like. Come and eat.
[reporter] Security camera footage
showing the arsonist
just prior to the incident
has now been released,
sparking controversies.
In other news,
the largest class action suit
in the history of South Korea
is set for trial, beginning today.
Users of Raon, the online shopping site,
seek damages for a breach
that compromised personal data.
Joining the action
are some 30 million people,
and they are seeking damages
to the tune of three trillion won.
The law firm, Taesan,
with which Tae Su-mi,
nominee for Minister of Justice
is affiliated,
brought the action on behalf of users
in Seoul Central District Court.
Raon's CEO, Bae In-cheol, meanwhile,
is still in a coma
after reportedly swallowing poison
during the Korea
Communications Commission trial.
It is assumed the penalty charges
in the personal data breach
motivated his act.
There are growing concerns that Raon,
the nation's leading e-commerce merchant,
facing a three trillion won claim
for damages, may be facing bankruptcy.
-[clonks]
-What is that?
Who is spinning this?
Is Hanbada driving this narrative?
What's our PR doing?
I'll get that comment
to our PR team today.
And be careful not to make it sound
like the mighty Taesan
has decided to bankrupt Raon.
Hanbada wants us
to fall for that nonsense.
That's why they keep referring to me
in the collapse of Raon's CEO.
-You agree?
-Yes.
Taesan has a corporate clientele,
and it's unusual to be working
on the side of the little guy.
It takes courage to do that.
Our keynote is that we represent
some 30 million people
despite the appearance
that we're attacking
our best clients.
[Sang-hyeon] Mom.
-[pen scribbling]
-I have something to tell you.
-Sure, but I'm working.
-[Sang-hyeon] It was me.
You?
I did it.
The Raon thing.
Cyberattack.
[dramatic music playing]
[deep breaths]
[exhales]
You're being honest with me,
and that's good.
[Su-mi] But from now on,
you can't tell a soul about this.
I'll take care of everything.
[deep inhale]
[Sang-hyeon] What are you gonna do?
Do we go to the station?
-Talk to the police?
-[exasperated sigh]
What is this constant obsession
with confessing, huh?
Imagine we go there, just like you said.
[Su-mi] What do you think
would happen next?
The prison system is not a joke.
Your life will be ruined
if you turn yourself in.
Mom, in this moment, I'm scared anyway.
If the punishment I get
can make things any better,
then fine.
I did this.
I bankrupted Raon
and did that to In-cheol.
Choi Sang-hyeon!
What about your mother?
The timing couldn't be worse
for me right now?
My confirmation hearing
is about to happen!
Wait.
How is that related?
Mom, are you afraid
you won't be Minister because of me?
Of course!
You pulled this,
knowing how much
I sacrificed to be Minister,
and you spring it on me today?
As a mother, was I ever demanding?
Did I hound you about good grades?
What I expect from you
is to be a kind and good person!
You represent me as my son!
What about you?
You're some kind of saint?
What about your secrets?
-"My secrets"?
-Woo Young-woo!
[dramatic music playing]
Mom, I know.
[tense music playing]
CASE 16
THOUGH UNUSUAL AND PECULIAR
[light knocks]
[sharp exhale]
This process of entering a room,
is it possible
to speed it up a little bit?
Uh, well, from now on,
I'll count "one, two, three"
at a quicker pace.
-Yes. All right.
-[Seung-jun] Whatever.
Have you reflected?
What?
Have you three had a chance
to reflect on what you've done?
Yes, uh, I've had time to contemplate.
Uh, I'll be sure
not to ignore rules and procedures,
or to offer unsolicited opinions.
Hana University, you get it.
[Seung-jun] That's right.
It doesn't really bother me
if a first-year attorney
gives a suggestion, okay?
And I don't mean to seem uptight, really.
But last time, you said,
"Don't speak until spoken to,
do only as I say."
-[door opens]
-[grunts]
-Good morning, ma'am.
-Don't get up.
Sit down.
[chuckles]
No need for formalities.
Sit.
I'll be joining you
on the Raon case as of now.
[Seon-young] The first trial's
coming up soon, isn't it?
What's our strategy?
We won
the Communications Commission lawsuit,
so we're going to try to emphasize that.
It's been established
that even if the procedure
of the idle timeout had been activated,
it did not lead to the breach
of the personal data.
I see.
And because the previous trial
had a favorable result,
the outlook in this trial
looks good as well.
As always, I'm very glad
that you've been on this, Atty. Jang.
Arguing that the cyberattack
was anterior to the revision
of the Information and Communications Act
took diligent review of the record, right?
Congratulations.
[gasps]
Uh, what we get from Atty. Jang
is a wealth of information.
[sucks teeth]
And how is CEO Bae In-cheol doing?
[sighs]
He hasn't regained consciousness yet,
so now Raon is planning to request
that the board name an interim chairman,
Kim Chan-hong.
Mr. Kim will have power of decision
and will be able to act
in the company's interest
while In-cheol is still unconscious.
CEO KIM CHAN-HONG
[director] In accordance
with Raon's board of directors' decision,
the co-chairman system is hereby abolished
and replaced by a system
of independent Chairman Bae In-cheol
and Kim Chan-hong.
Chairman Kim,
would you like to say a word?
Uh…
[exhales]
In-cheol and I, uh…
Um, since the beginning,
along with Chairman In-cheol,
we've made each decision together,
whether small decisions or big.
But with Raon going through a crisis,
and In-cheol out sick,
I've become the sole chairman
and I am assuming
a much larger responsibility.
Yes, there are pressures ahead of me.
But I know Chairman In-cheol
is with me in spirit,
as I pledge Raon will move forward
stronger and leave the past behind.
[applause]
[exhales]
[Myeong-seok groans]
This part keeps coming unstuck.
[knocks on door]
-Atty. Jung.
-Oh!
You came here to visit me?
I thought you would be busy.
Sorry, we couldn't come to see you sooner.
And may I ask how you're feeling?
Oh, it's fine now.
The surgery went all right,
and I'm recovering.
Atty. Kwon, I'm sorry, uh, would you…
-I dropped a comb there.
-Oh!
[Min-woo grunts]
Yeah.
[chuckles]
I couldn't pick it up for two hours.
I've been waiting to comb my hair.
All that time, you were alone?
Someone's looking after you, right?
Yes, uh, my mother was coming today,
instead of the caregiver,
but I told her to stay home.
And my ex-wife is coming by later.
[soft chuckle]
That's why the mask.
To look your best when she gets here?
Uh-huh. I wanted to look pretty.
[chuckling]
[sighs]
Looks very pretty.
[comical music playing]
Well…
You look hydrated.
Uh, really? Looks glowy?
[shyly]
Uh, yes.
[chuckles]
You two should try
to be more health-conscious.
You stay up working all night,
skip meals regularly.
It catches up with you
as soon as you hit 40.
Actually, there's got to be
a lot of attorneys in our firm
as sick as me, really.
Yes, I heard Kim Ji-yong
has paralysis of the face, stress-related.
Huh?
Shin Seung-jae came down
with Meniere's disease also,
apparently from being overworked.
-[sighs]
-[knocks on door]
[gasps]
Oh, hello.
Uh…
So we better…
Yeah, we should get going.
Yeah, okay.
Huh?
But you've only been here a minute.
We'll come back, don't worry.
You two have a good time.
You don't… look too bad today.
Ah, you think?
And do I look hydrated?
[groans]
[sighs]
[clacks]
Watch this.
What is this?
It's Soonpoong Clinic.
"Soonpoong Clinic"?
You used to like it.
I got every episode there was, all in 4K.
Ah, great. That should be a lot of fun.
[chuckles]
[heavy sigh]
Ji-su, hey.
After I'm discharged, uh…
could we go to Jeju Island?
There… there's this great
pork and noodle restaurant there,
and I think you'd like it.
I, uh… We should go together.
Oh, really?
I was always second to your work back
when you were young and healthy.
What's gotten into you now?
Now you're a sick old man.
I'm sorry.
Well, all things considered…
I earned a lot of money
when I focused on my work
before I got old and sick.
[chuckles, groans]
So are you planning to quit now?
What?
Once you're up and well,
you'll go back to Hanbada,
and nothing will change.
All the pressure, the immense workload.
Don't pretend
you can do anything about that.
Join a practice that balances work
and leisure more harmoniously.
Uh, oh!
I guess no matter how sick you get,
you won't even consider leaving Hanbada.
You never change. Same old you.
[tongue clicks]
Uh…
Hey…
From now on, I'll be thinking,
if there really is no other way about it…
I'll tell Hanbada I resign.
I really can change.
We can be together.
Hmm?
[Su-mi] It's been a while, Atty. Kwon.
[Min-woo] Yes.
What is it you wanted to tell me?
In Atty. Woo's predicament,
today, if it was me,
I'd be leaving Hanbada immediately.
Is that right?
Why?
Well, her mentor
is laid up in the hospital.
And her new senior partner
treats her with animosity.
[deep breath]
She's also no longer going
with this guy she works with.
"That she works with"?
Atty. Woo was actually dating?
Yes.
[chuckles]
How about that?
Anyway…
This would definitely be
the perfect moment
for Atty. Woo to leave Hanbada.
I just wanted to make sure
you were aware of that.
So you couldn't accomplish
this mission yourself?
-Huh?
-Oh, please, Atty. Kwon.
You promised you were in a position
to make Atty. Woo resign.
[Su-mi] Whether she quit
of her own volition or got fired.
That's what we agreed to, wasn't it?
[deep inhale]
Yes, ma'am, and I was not able to deliver.
You throwing in the towel?
Yes.
I'm going to stop trying.
Why?
From now on…
Uh…
I'm…
I'm going to try living like a fool.
[soft snicker]
[touching music playing]
Uh…
I do understand what this is about…
[sighs]
I must say, well, I like you.
[insects chirping]
Because I like you…
Because I like you.
Since I like… I do like…
Since I do like you, I…
[sharp exhale]
[door closes]
Excuse me.
-Atty. Woo.
-[startled scream]
[Jun-ho] Who are you?
Hey, who are you?
Tell me who you are!
You are Atty. Woo, aren't you?
I was sent to deliver a message.
[serious music playing]
[clears throat]
[rustles]
TAESAN LAW FIRM
-From Taesan and Associates?
-[envelope rustles]
If you have a message,
why not send it to our office?
Why come prowling around her house
in the dead of the night?
-Do you really work for Taesan?
-And what business is it of yours?
[secretary] Are you her guardian?
[voice loudens]
I am…
Uh…
What's the message you came to deliver?
Jun-ho can hear it with me.
Atty. Woo, the Boston office of Taesan
can offer you a position at our US branch.
[secretary] Naturally,
we will cover all expenses
to move you and find you a place
for both you and your father as well.
And your salary will be more than double
what you're making at Hanbada.
And, Atty. Woo, especially for you, we…
[clears throat]
…we found a professional therapist.
And I'm authorized to say
that Taesan will pick up the bill.
[gasps]
What professional therapist?
I mean, we found you a therapist
who specializes
in autism spectrum disorder.
Oh!
Atty. Woo.
Boston is a city where there's
a whole dynamic community
of adults who are on the spectrum.
[secretary] You won't be alone there.
Why are you sneaking around?
If this is just about a job offer,
then why stake her out at this hour?
Is Tae Su-mi the one who made
the decision to send you here?
Ah, yes, Tae Su-mi.
But why did Atty. Tae send you,
not your HR Department?
My card is stapled to the back.
[secretary] Think it over.
Give me a call when you're ready.
[car door opens, closes]
And, Jun-ho, did you also have
something you wanted to say to me?
Huh?
Uh… Yes…
I'll tell you, but not now.
You have a lot to think about.
You should go in.
Hmm.
Okay.
[gentle music playing]
I'm home.
Oh, there you are.
Young-woo.
Come sit down a while.
We need to talk about something.
Mm-hmm.
[deep exhale]
So…
A few days ago…
Seon-young was here.
"Seon-young"?
Yes, the head of Hanbada.
Ah!
And?
Anyway, it would appear that…
before the ministerial
confirmation hearing, Seon-young will…
be telling the media…
that Tae Su-mi's daughter…
[deep inhale]
…who was born out of wedlock…
is you, Young-woo.
If that happens,
the world will be watching Tae Su-mi,
but also watching you, I think.
Then reporters will just…
They'll be there every day.
They'll surround you and hound you.
Han Seon-young suggested…
we go to a resort in the countryside,
keep out of sight,
wait for the dust to settle.
Sort of a paid vacation.
[rustling]
Is that from Tae Su-mi?
When?
Um, yes, I got it
from a Taesan employee a minute ago.
So then, Tae Su-mi's offer
to go to the States is still on the table.
[dramatic music playing]
You mean someone talked to you
about it already?
Though I'm against getting walked
around the board by Tae Su-mi…
Now I see.
I see our choices are limited.
[Gwang-ho] It might be better
to stop working as an attorney
rather than get pigeon-holed
as the illegitimate daughter of Tae Su-mi.
The gossip and all the whispering,
we'd be better off in the States.
Young-woo, what do you think?
Hmm, I'm not certain.
Ever since I was born,
Tae Su-mi played no part in my life,
so I don't understand
exactly why, all of a sudden,
I'm being asked to…
to go into hiding…
Or else, to go to Boston.
Sure.
Sorry, Young-woo.
I mean…
for everything.
I apologize.
[emotional music playing]
-[counsel] Your Honor.
-[paper rustles]
Though the defendant
is a huge e-commerce company,
managing personal data
for more than 40 million users,
they failed to provide
a suitable security system.
Because they failed to program
a time-out for each internal connection,
they incurred administrative fines
amounting to 30 million won.
[Seung-jun] Your Honor.
Their response, once the personal
data leak came to light, was awful.
[counsel] Article 34 of the
Personal Information Protection Act
clearly states that an officer
has to put users on notice of a leak
and do so upon learning
that such an incident has occurred.
And yet, though they had notice
of the cyberattack on January 19th, 2022,
the defendant reported it to the police
seven days later on January 26th.
And users only became aware
that their data was hacked
on the Raon website
a whole month after the incident,
on the 20th of February.
The defendant's complacent attitude
is the central reason
behind the slow response to this matter.
[crowd muttering]
[judge] Enough.
You are spectators in this court room,
as granted by our legal system,
but in this case,
many of you are also plaintiffs.
So as litigants, I ask you, please do not
in any way, interfere with the trial.
This is what I need you to do.
[knocks on door]
Come in.
There's somebody claiming
to be your younger brother.
He asked if you could give him a minute.
[tongue clicks]
A younger brother?
Yes.
Your younger brother. He said
you'd be aware of who that is.
[receptionist]
But he refused to tell me his name.
Want me to say that you're in a meeting?
Uh…
No.
Ask him to come in, please.
Yes, ma'am.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[cube rattling]
Who are you, please?
Choi Sang-hyeon. Tae Su-mi's son.
[rattling]
So why did you wanna talk to me?
I have something to confess.
But I'm not sure how and when.
I hacked Raon.
[dramatic music playing]
Chan-hong asked me to do it.
Really?
I met Chan-hong
at a cybersecurity competition.
He was one of the judges.
I came in first that year.
After that, we became friends.
I saw him a lot.
We also went to Raon together.
He once took me to meet In-cheol.
[Sang-hyeon] Then, one day, Chan-hong
and I were talking and he asked me
if I could hack Raon and get
to the customers' personal data.
You're saying Kim Chan-hong
requested that you hack into Raon,
his own company
where the board named him CEO?
Why?
Because I want to make him see reason.
-[keyboards clacking]
-In-cheol? Why?
'Cause he forgot who we are.
We're a couple of coders,
Raon is our creation.
The spirit of creation
is the whole basis of the idea.
[Chan-hong]
In-cheol has forgotten all that.
Now, he's just a businessman.
He's only interested
in making money by selling things.
He has no interest at all
in software development and security.
This might just awaken the developer
that he's got inside him and release it.
How so?
[keyboard clacking]
[nervous inhale]
The idea is that you hack into Raon,
exposing customers' personal information.
[Chan-hong]
Then I persuade In-cheol to act.
"See what I mean, huh?"
"Our security is lax.
We need to tighten it."
It's a little bit risky.
If it gets out,
the police could investigate.
Trust me. It's no big deal.
It's a slap on the wrist for us.
Don't worry.
It's only a 100-million-won fine.
We publish this generic
public apology to all our users.
The exact same thing happened
to other companies.
Listen, you have nothing to worry about.
[Sang-hyeon] So…
that's why I did it.
So it looked like
it was from North Korea,
I left some clues.
I stole Raon users' personal data.
And once you had this information,
what did you do with it?
I gave it all to Chan-hong.
It was encrypted, though.
Then, he kept after me
for the decryption code.
Why?
No idea.
All he said was some nonsense about how…
how do we know they're real users.
I thought he might try to sell it.
Mm…
The plan to hack the data worked.
So what made you suddenly want to confess?
When In-cheol…
attempted suicide.
[uneasy music playing]
I realized how much he was affected.
I only did it because Chan-hong
told me a fine was the only risk.
Hurting In-cheol wasn't my goal.
I didn't mean to sink Raon either.
Hmm…
Wouldn't it be logical
to confess to the police?
Why tell me this whole story?
My mother.
When I told her,
she told me to tell no one.
She got mad that I went to the police,
but they called my mom.
After speaking to her, that was it.
She's an important person.
She says something to somebody,
and they obey.
So I came to you.
Because I figured…
my sister won't just give in.
[emotional music playing]
Your what?
We may not have the same dad,
but on our mother's side,
you are my sister.
And how do you know
that you and I share the same mother?
[sighs]
I've been hearing…
that my mother once had a child
out of wedlock as a young girl
before she got married.
[Sang-hyeon] I thought it was
just a rumor. But she was acting weird.
She would be watching something
and jump when I walked into the room.
I hacked her computer
and the messages on her cell.
And I saw she accessed
all this information about you.
And she was texting
with Grandma about you too.
That's how I know.
[moans]
And how is it you think
I could assist you with this predicament?
[USB clicks]
[clacks]
That's a video of me
confessing to the hack.
[Sang-hyeon] What if you use this
as evidence at the trial?
Wouldn't they start an investigation?
And my mother couldn't stop it
going forward.
I represent Chan-hong,
and so I have a legal responsibility.
I'm not allowed to reveal
the fact that Mr. Kim Chan-hong asked you
to hack his company,
as that would be directly contrary
to my client's interests.
Who exactly…
do you think our mother is?
-Huh?
-People think…
that spoiled rich boys
aren't punished these days.
Whether it's drugs, DUI, assault.
They always get a pass, they think.
Our mother said no.
When I did something wrong,
I would get scolded.
Yet, except now with this colossal thing,
she's been like…
all the others.
All those rich bastards you see…
on the news every day.
[Young-woo] When will you
be returning to Hanbada, Atty. Jung?
[Myeong-seok] I don't really know.
Um, I actually might not return.
What?
Um, you "actually might not return"?
Well, I'm just thinking
about what I should do.
Tell me, why do you ask?
Oh.
It's not very practical to come
all the way here when I need an opinion.
You could just call me.
-Uh-huh…
-Really, I always wonder with you.
If you're just selfish
or actually worried about me.
[Myeong-seok]
What is it you wanted to ask?
Ah, you're just going to say,
"Because of attorney-client
privilege issues,
I'm not at liberty
to supply the pertinent information."
Is that right?
Hmm.
In substance.
Then just…
be as vague about it as possible.
I'm aware my client
is guilty of a criminal act.
[Young-woo] The other person involved
in this crime wants to confess,
but if I do decide to assist him,
then I go against
the best interests of my client.
Mm.
[deep inhale]
So should you remain loyal
to your own client's interests
or reveal the truth
in the name of social justice?
Sure, right.
One of our profession's common dilemmas.
And it's one that has always
troubled you, I know.
Like in the Ihwa ATM case
or the Mir Life case, you remember?
Yes.
Hanbada Atty. Myeong-seok
has 14 years of experience.
Mm.
[lips smack]
Atty. Jung considers the client,
not society, his top priority.
I know that people say
I'm just a master "legal technician",
but, well, maybe
that's hard for me to refute.
Because it's the truth.
Atty. Woo is not
the same person as Atty. Jung.
You're a completely
different person from me.
Who am I to tell you what to do?
I'm so curious about what it is
that you'll do next, Atty. Woo.
And that's because…
[pensive hum]
There's more to you
than an ordinary attorney.
[touching music playing]
My name is Choi Sang-hyeon.
I'm a student.
I hacked Raon company computers
on January 18th and January 19th,
and stole approximately
41 million personal data files.
Raon's CEO, Kim Chan-hong,
asked me to do this.
I humbly confess.
And I'm sorry.
[Seon-young] Tae Su-mi's son came to you
and asked you
to admit this video into evidence?
Why did he come to Atty. Woo?
Are you and he acquainted?
Are we acquainted?
No, we're not.
Ma'am, well, I'm sure
you feel the same way as I do.
That video does not help our case.
[Seung-jun] We have no idea
if he's telling the truth or not.
But if he is, we're in trouble.
Kim Chan-hong
could face criminal prosecution.
And a law firm
that puts its clients in prison,
what kind of firm would we be, right?
I agree.
As it is, Taesan
is holding Raon directly responsible
for the data breach.
If it turns out the cyberattack
was the work of the company chairman,
the damages
they'll be claiming are unlimited.
But as attorneys, we can't just turn
a blind eye to the truth of the matter.
[Young-woo] If there's
a substantial public benefit,
attorney-client privilege
could be thought no longer to apply.
Ah, come on. This isn't law school.
You're being naive.
Law school or not,
it makes me uncomfortable.
What he's saying is the person
who is the public face of Raon
shamelessly ordered
a cyberattack on his own company.
And to suppress the hacker's identity
in order to help our client win a case
doesn't sit right with me.
Taesan doing this class action suit
against a blue chip company
has really disappointed
some big clients who are coming to us,
so it's important that we make
a good impression at this juncture.
We can't spearhead a call
for prosecution of the chairman of Raon.
That's all pretty clear.
Now, that said…
I see an opportunity.
[Seon-young] I love this video.
It has power.
It can prevent a certain person
from becoming Minister of Justice.
How can someone whose son
stole millions of personal data records
be trusted as the minister
of our judicial branch?
Don't you agree?
[Seung-jun laughs]
I should have known, ma'am.
A few steps ahead of us, as usual.
If we do release that video to the public,
Taesan's representation of Raon's users
could be seen as a complete betrayal
of the public trust.
But now…
we kill two birds with one stone,
but which one of them do we kill today?
Protect our client's interest
for the moment
or do we reveal this imperative truth?
What if both are the same bird?
Huh?
[wind blows]
[whale calls]
[loud splash]
What if protecting our client's interests
and divulging the truth of the case
are both the same bird?
Could you explain?
There's the living, breathing human,
Kim Chan-hong,
and the corporation
of which he is the CEO.
The two are not the same thing.
We're attorneys
for a corporation which is Raon,
not for Kim Chan-hong, the human being.
If you think about it,
Raon on one side, Chan-hong on the other,
there's no conflict.
Really? How can you argue that?
Choi Sang-hyeon took the personal data
he stole and put it on a jump drive
for Kim Chan-hong,
but nobody could see the personal data
on the jump drive
because it was all encrypted.
The harm caused in the data breach
has not happened as of today!
[line dials, rings]
Uh, yes, hi.
The piece we spoke about
the last time we got together.
[Jun-beom] You mean about
Tae Su-mi's illegitimate child?
Right, so could you put it
on hold for right now?
-[Jun-beom] Uh, why?
-[chuckles]
Well, because I have a story
in the works that's much bigger.
Oh, one second.
[Seon-young] Atty. Woo.
Don't take that vacation now.
What?
You spoke to your father, right?
Well, now I'm saying don't go.
There's something
more important I'd like you to handle.
[Seon-young] Yes, Mr. Lee.
[thrilling music playing]
[judge] Counselor, you have
some video evidence to submit,
and you're requesting a private viewing?
[button clicks]
Yes, Your Honor, I, uh…
The video features a minor,
and so the matter is a little delicate.
On the tape, he confesses to a crime
that has a bearing on these proceedings.
We think the courtroom
should be cleared when we screen it,
so that the witness's
identity is protected.
[button clicks]
[indistinct muttering]
So what…
What's this about?
Who's the person making a confession?
Hmm…
You'll find out very soon.
[judge] Very well.
Those of you who are here to observe,
I'm going to ask you
to please step out of the courtroom.
And only previously
designated co-plaintiffs,
may remain at this time.
Hey, so…
[lips smack]
[remote beeps]
My name is Choi Sang-hyeon. I'm a student.
I hacked Raon company computers
on January 18th and January 19th,
and stole approximately
41 million personal data files.
Raon's CEO, Kim Chan-hong,
asked me to do this.
[dramatic music playing]
I humbly confess and I'm sorry.
-[loud thump]
-What in the world are you pulling?
I mean, without a single word to me,
you submit something like this?
You are my attorneys!
We're not! We do not
represent you personally.
We represent Raon Corporation.
And Raon, who is that?
[angry yell]
I am Raon's CEO!
[Min-woo] Not anymore.
Kim Chan-hong, the Raon
Board of Directors dismissed you.
But… When did they…
No, no, this is a huge deal.
We have to vote him out now.
Okay, okay.
Covering it up might be best.
But if people knew a minor was asked
by our own CEO to hack our computers,
what would happen to our image?
We'd be lucky if our image
is the only real casualty here.
Our own shareholders are about
to sue us for damages. We are liable.
So we just shake our heads and go on?
There's a lawsuit getting tried,
and Kim Chan-hong is appearing there
as our company's CEO.
Can you imagine? He's got to be censored.
-Dismiss him.
-Yes.
[overlapping chatter]
Come to order!
What is your opinion, Mr. Bae?
Should we try to cover this up or--
[In-cheol] No, we can't cover it up.
If we have any hope of finding out
whether or not
Chan-hong actually did this…
[coughs]
…we can't just cover it up.
Supposing…
the allegation is founded,
dismissal of our chairman is not the end.
In that case…
Raon will have to explore
every possible avenue of sanction…
[labored breathing]
…we may take against Kim Chan-hong.
So we bring him down.
[clears throat]
EMERGENCY BOARD MEETING
DISMISSAL OF CEO KIM CHAN-HONG
[labored breathing]
RESOLUTION LETTER
[Seung-jun] Your Honor,
since Kim Chan-hong's crime
against the defendant,
Raon, has come to light,
Raon has voted to dismiss
Kim Chan-hong from his position as CEO
and the Board of Directors
has named Mr. Bae In-cheol as sole CEO.
And because of that,
the defense moves to alter
and correct the title of the complaint.
Your Honor, please!
This is unfair.
I don't know where they got
that video, but it's a lie.
Where is the evidence that…
that hacker took orders from me?
[Chan-hong] They said
the Board of Directors dismissed me,
but I was not given notice the board
was supposed to have a meeting.
Your Honor, in the event of an emergency,
it states in the company bylaws,
that the directors can send an email
up to 30 minutes prior to a meeting,
allowing the board to gather immediately.
And today, they did so.
And Kim Chan-hong,
of course, was duly notified…
through his e-mail.
[suspenseful music playing]
WE ARE HOLDING
AN EMERGENCY BOARD MEETING
DATE: TODAY, 2 P.M.
PLACE: RAON 21ST
FLOOR CONFERENCE ROOM
AGENDA: DISMISSAL OF CEO KIM CHAN-HONG
Your Honor, we object
to allowing that video into evidence
on the grounds it was recorded
in the absence of any competent authority.
[counsel] And we haven't even
been allowed to question this witness.
It's our right to cross-examine a witness.
We haven't had that opportunity.
Please, Your Honor.
[button clicks]
Let's take these issues one at a time.
First, despite the surprising spectacle
the defendant's counselor has presented,
this court cannot and will not
immediately recognize and alter
the name of Raon's CEO in the complaint.
[judge] However, there is no reason
to invalidate the delegation agreement
between the defendant
and Hanbada Law Firm,
and so Hanbada will proceed
as the defendant's counsel as of now.
Any request for a change
should be in writing.
That request should be accompanied
by the necessary paperwork,
including the corporate registry
as appropriate.
Your Honor, wait!
Second, Mr. Kim, your guilt
or innocence is not a matter
for this court to decide.
That is something that will be revealed
in the context
of a criminal investigation.
[sighs]
Finally, as to the evidentiary merit
of the video which we just viewed…
[suspenseful music playing]
I'm not inclined to admit it.
The plaintiff's argument is correct.
There's no way to test the credibility
of the testimony through that video alone.
And since the witness
is not here on the stand,
the right of the plaintiff
to cross-examine the witness
has not been observed.
If it pleases the court, I move
to subpoena Choi Sang-hyeon
as a witness in this trial.
Motion denied.
-"Denied"?
-From watching that video,
there's no indication
that the additional examination
of Choi Sang-hyeon is necessary.
For all we know,
that whole thing could be a joke.
[judge] If counsel for the defense
can confirm
Choi Sang-hyeon's intent to be here
and he volunteers to testify,
I would be inclined to accept that.
However, at this time, the court
will not be issuing a subpoena.
[button clicks]
[sighs]
[phone vibrates]
An answer from Sang-hyeon?
Uh, no.
It's an ad from a company
called Manjijak that makes model whales
and they have a new gray whale model.
[Young-woo] There are
many cases where whale lice
and barnacles get attached
to the gray whale's body.
I wonder if they feature that.
I should pre-order right away.
[phone buzzes]
Choi Sang-hyeon sent a message. Read it.
[swishes]
"Sis, I can't come to court right now
and you can't reach me either.
I'm going to the US. I'm at the airport."
Doesn't that seem sudden?
Well, it's obvious.
Tae Su-mi is behind this,
her way of keeping him out of court.
Let's alert the public, then.
Are you sure?
Are you saying we put
the tape out to the media?
Tae Su-mi's reputation isn't tarnished,
but if we can sway public opinion,
the authorities
will open an investigation.
Then Choi Sang-hyeon
will have to return to testify here.
Tae Su-mi's confirmation hearing
is about to begin.
I wanna speak to the media.
We must build momentum right away.
[Seon-young] Let's strike
while she has no way to retaliate.
I'll talk with my contact at Jeongui Ilbo.
No, no!
You can't go to the media.
And why not?
Atty. Woo, be quiet.
You talk back to our CEO--
If you leak his confession to the media,
Choi Sang-hyeon will be unable
to turn himself into the police.
He chose to reveal his wrongdoings
and he trusted me to help him
confess his crime and make it right.
We can't make… him into just a…
another privileged boy
the police caught running away.
Like all the corrupt people you see on TV.
Who is it you suppose we represent?
[Seung-jun] Choi Sang-hyeon? Wake up!
He starts calling you "sis" and you think
you're related now? Come on!
[tense music playing]
Well, I…
can try some persuasion.
On who?
Choi Sang-hyeon?
Uh, no.
Tae Su-mi, I'll persuade her.
[Seung-jun laughs]
You're seriously going
to try to convince Tae Su-mi?
You think she'll be available
with her confirmation
right around the corner?
She could refuse to meet with me.
But I must try.
[sighs]
I'll meet with Atty. Tae,
and I'll try and persuade her
to let Choi Sang-hyeon
go to court, so he can testify.
I'll persuade Atty. Woo
to sit down in her chair.
It's all right.
Tae Su-mi and her son…
should get an opportunity
to be reasonable.
Huh?
I could take Atty. Woo to the Assembly.
Tae Su-mi could arrange
to meet with her there.
[suspenseful music playing]
Yes, I'm aware the confirmation hearing
is now, but we must speak to Tae Su-mi.
It's urgent.
[Jun-ho] Please tell her
it's Atty. Woo Young-woo.
I'm sure that information
will be enough for Tae Su-mi.
[Mr. Kim]
I'll see if I can pull her aside.
You must understand a nominee
is very busy right at this moment.
[Jun-ho] This can't wait!
Um, hello?
-Mr. Kim, are you there?
-[line disconnects]
[sighs]
[suspenseful music playing]
Ungh…
The confirmation starts at ten.
It may be too late to talk to her,
even if she does agree to meet with me.
It'll all work out. Don't be worried.
You have helped me.
So thank you.
I watched you at that meeting…
and admired your bravery.
You stood up and said
that you could persuade Tae Su-mi
and I was thinking…
that I too…
I should be brave.
And tell you something.
What? What is it you want to tell me?
I wanna tell you my feelings about you.
When you love a cat,
that cat can't love you.
You're saying that a cat can't love you?
Well, at times, cats make
their owners feel pretty lonely, but…
at the same time,
they make them happy too.
So when I'm having lunch with you
and you're talking about whales.
Or as we go through your lists
of possible dates.
[Jun-ho] That strange list.
Or else, when we try
to hold hands for 57 seconds.
Or especially, that time we kissed…
and our teeth knocked together.
[romantic music playing]
Or I see that light in your eyes
and I know you just got a brilliant idea.
Or when I hold you tight to calm you down
because you're feeling anxious.
I'm happy with you.
So I really want…
to get back together.
[romantic music continues]
[phone vibrates]
[Jun-ho] Hello?
[Mr. Kim] Come to Gate Five
of the Assembly. I'll meet you outside.
-Ah, okay.
-[line disconnects]
[gear shift clonks]
-[engine revs]
-[tires screech]
Atty. Woo, I think
I'd better drop you off right here.
Only official government cars
are allowed near the building.
I'll be waiting for you nearby.
Okay.
That analogy with the cat
that you just made doesn't apply.
Because it's true
that a cat can love you back too.
Oh…
Yeah?
And so we…
should get back together.
[feel-good music playing]
[snickers]
I've been working on the answers
for Congresswoman Min Hyo-jin's
list of questions.
Would you like to go over the changes?
Have these all been fact-checked?
Yes, and referenced
against the material on the record.
[knocks on door]
CANDIDATE FOR MINISTER OF JUSTICE
WAITING ROOM
I need the room, please. Thanks.
Candidate Tae Su-mi,
your hearing is going to begin.
Time is very short.
-Yes, I know.
-[door opens]
-Hmm.
-[door closes]
[paper rustles]
[door closes]
So why are you here?
I don't imagine
you decided to accept my offer
to send you to the States after all.
Oh, um, no.
No, that's not why I'm here.
So why?
It must be difficult at Hanbada right now.
I hear your mentor is in bad health,
you're being bullied by your supervisor,
and you broke up with your co-worker.
It's like…
I'm in a pod of beluga whales,
only I'm actually a narwhal.
You're a narwhal?
It has a helical tusk
protruding from its upper jaw,
which is why its name
means "one horn" from the Greek.
It resembles a… a horn,
like a unicorn has on its forehead.
Could you explain where this is going?
I once saw a lost narwhal
who wound up belonging
to a pod of beluga whales
who adopted it
in a documentary, of course.
Now I…
know that narwhal is like me.
I swim in a foreign ocean,
and all around me are strange belugas.
They're all in a society
I can't quite belong to.
And certain whales actually despise me.
It's all right because…
I guess that's what my life is like.
I think my life…
is unusual, peculiar but…
it has value.
It's a beautiful life.
[touching music playing]
[deep breath]
I have to go.
We should really
take this up another time.
Would you please give
Choi Sang-hyeon permission
to testify about what he did in court?
And what exactly did Choi Sang-hyeon do?
He hacked into Raon and stole
40,954,173 personal data records.
[Young-woo] Sang-hyeon…
told me he believes that you…
you've been a good mother to him, and…
that you're a mother
who will scold her child
when she believes he's behaving badly,
who's always reasonable.
I think it's important to show…
that his mother,
who is also my mother, has principles.
Don't betray his faith in you.
[Young-woo] If you do that,
you'll be hurting him.
That hurt…
is unbearable.
And it won't heal very soon.
You were not a good mother, not with me.
It could still be possible…
to be a good mother to Choi Sang-hyeon.
[emotional music playing]
[knocks on door]
[Mr. Kim] Candidate Tae Su-mi, it's time.
[heels clacking]
[deep exhale]
[sniffles]
[Sang-tae] We now open
the confirmation hearing of Tae Su-mi,
nominee for the post
of Minister of the Department of Justice.
[gavel thumping]
Will the nominee, please,
approach the stand?
Raise your right hand
and state your name for the record
before reciting the oath.
[uneasy music playing]
"I swear.
As a public office nominee,
to tell the truth in these proceedings,
the confirmation hearing
conducted by the National Assembly,
and not to withhold
or embellish in any way.
So say I, the nominee, Tae Su-mi."
[camera shutters clicking]
[Seon-young] Welcome.
Before we start,
would you like some water or…
I'm fine, thanks.
The reason we're here is to set
some ground rules for the testimony.
Right, go ahead.
CONDITIONS FOR WITNESS QUESTIONING
[pen clacks]
Firstly, Choi Sang-hyeon is still a minor.
It's upsetting for him
to be called as a witness,
so please do not create
a hostile environment
or play on his emotions.
Most importantly, you must
not question him like he was a criminal.
Of course not.
We have decorum at our law firm.
Secondly.
Tae Su-mi herself is irrelevant.
No questions about her from Hanbada.
[counsel] Even if Sang-hyeon
brings her up first,
your attorneys will refrain
from asking any follow-up questions.
Thirdly, we request that Atty. Woo
conduct the cross-examination.
[serious music playing]
Atty. Woo?
If you find you can't agree
to any one of these conditions,
Choi Sang-hyeon will not be there.
[swishes]
So is Choi Sang-hyeon
the person you're representing?
[Seung-jun] Huh?
And what makes you think
that you can just demand
which attorney our firm uses?
We accept this.
What? But, Ma'am--
Atty. Woo will be…
in charge of questioning…
Choi Sang-hyeon.
[Seon-young] We will adhere strictly
to these three conditions, rest assured.
-[pen skids]
-[folder thumps]
[judge] Witness, please take the stand.
[clicks]
[serious music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
"On my conscience, I solemnly swear
I will make the statement
without concealment,
knowing any false statement
is punishable by law
as the crime of perjury."
[judge] Counsel for the defense,
you may question the witness.
Atty. Woo, you got this.
"Woo Young-woo, you got this."
You got…
What is that?
[touching music playing]
Witness, state your name,
age, and occupation.
Choi Sang-hyeon.
Freshman in high school.
And I'm 17.
Is it true that on January 18th,
and continuing to the morning of the 19th,
you hacked into Raon system
and took 40,954,173 personal data files?
Yes.
[indistinct chatter]
Why did you do that?
Because I… was asked
to do it by Chan-hong.
And by "Chan-hong," you mean,
Raon's former CEO and co-company founder,
Mr. Kim Chan-hong?
Yes.
I met Chan-hong
at a competition in cybersecurity.
He was always very friendly.
Till the day he made that request.
[Sang-hyeon] He said if I hacked Raon,
it would shake In-cheol up.
And he would decide
to spend a little money
on researching
and developing security software.
[sighs]
What did you do
with the 40,954,173 records
acquired through the data breach?
I encrypted it
for Chan-hong on a jump drive.
Then I said no
when he asked me to decrypt it.
So he couldn't sell it to someone else.
In your opinion, was Chan-hong capable
of decrypting that data on his own?
No, he was not.
He lacked the skills required to do that.
In my opinion.
You know it's possible
you'll be prosecuted as a criminal
because you hacked Raon's computers
and stole users' personal data.
Were you aware of that when you came here?
[serious music playing]
Yes.
I am aware.
Could I ask you why
you're admitting these actions
and doing it under oath willingly?
It's because it was wrong.
I wanna say I'm sorry to In-cheol
and to Raon's customers.
[deep exhale]
Forgive me.
That will be all.
COURT
[Su-mi] Shortly after
the confirmation hearing,
I was made aware
that my son had hacked Raon
and that their users'
personal data files had been leaked.
[camera shutters clicking]
I was ashamed.
[Su-mi] I realized
I raised my own child wrong,
even as I aspire to represent
the people of this country and its laws.
Then without knowing
my son was responsible,
I watched as Taesan, my own law firm,
file a class action lawsuit
on behalf of Raon's users.
My son is deeply remorseful
for his crimes.
And pledges to cooperate with authorities
as they look into this matter.
[deep breath]
He'll be adequately punished
for what he did.
As of today…
my campaign for the
Minister of Justice is coming to an end.
I will take the time
to deeply reflect on my errors.
Knowing my son is less than perfect,
I am his mother
and I will now faithfully play that role,
though I haven't in the past.
I most humbly say to the people
I sincerely apologize.
[touching music playing]
I let you off easy this time.
The inquiry points to Kim Chan-hong,
the former CEO of Raon.
[reporter] Police say he ordered the son
of Tae Su-mi, former Ministerial nominee,
to commit the cyberattack.
Police found and confiscated
all 40,954,173 personal data files
at the residence of Kim Chan-hong.
In a statement, police say
there's no reason to believe
the data was leaked to a third party.
Meanwhile, in the class action suit
filed by Raon users for damages,
The Civil Court of South Central Seoul
has dismissed the plaintiff's case
and noted in the decision
that the breach of personal data
did not cause any emotional damage
since the data has been recovered
and is now all in the hands of the police.
[Min-sik] Oh! They dismissed
the case? Dismissed!
Then you won!
Yeah.
Good thing because it would have cost
us three trillion, if we lost.
Our attorneys are to thank for that.
Woah!
[laughs]
All right.
Three trillion, to that I say cheers!
-Cheers!
-[bell chimes]
-Ah. Ah!
Oh, look who's here.
[Min-sik] Welcome, Atty. Jung!
I made a whole batch
of abalone porridge, especially for you.
Oh, thanks so much for doing that.
Yes.
[chuckles]
Oh, uh…
Dong… Dong Geu-ran.
Ah!
[chuckles]
[snickers]
Ah, you can sit here.
Ah.
[light music playing]
[all laughing]
[Myeong-seok] Oh, thank you.
Thanks so much for the food.
Enjoy.
[Myeong-seok] Oh, so I heard
about the Raon trial.
That really is a big win, isn't it?
It seems like only yesterday
these guys were just clumsy rookies.
[sucks teeth]
They've made great progress.
They've grown up a lot, haven't they?
Thank you very much.
It's thanks to you, really.
Atty. Jung, will you soon
be coming back to work at Hanbada?
Hmm, hmm.
Hmm. Well…
I could.
[Myeong-seok] I don't know yet.
[mouthing]
Hmm?
[mouthing continues]
Huh?
Uh, never mind. Hmm.
I'm just gonna think about it.
So you've been working
at Hanbada for a while?
-Do you enjoy it?
-Huh?
Ah!
Oh, but that's not fair to ask them that.
Of course, they'll say that they enjoy it
since I'm sitting here.
Hmm?
I do enjoy it.
Even if Atty. Jung wasn't around,
Oh!
Yeah.
That's nice.
[chuckles]
-And because it's nice, cheers!
-It is nice!
-[Min-woo] So nice!
-Cheers!
-[Min-sik] Cheers!
-[Geu-ra-mi] Yeah!
-[laughter]
-[clinks]
-[Min-sik] That's good, huh?
-Yes, it is very good.
The best! The best!
So who's paying for all of the food?
-[chuckles]
-You're so generous.
-Jung Myeong-seok!
-[Su-yeon] Thank you for the food!
-[Min-woo] Thank you for the food!
WOO YOUNG-WOO GIMBAP
-[door opens]
-One Woo Young-woo gimbap, please.
Yes, yes.
I got it all ready.
I think I have an emotion to add,
to the poster
with the feelings and expressions.
A new emotion? What is it?
I can't explain it.
I've been looking all morning for the word
that describes what I'm feeling.
Not resolution.
And not joy or, or happiness, not exactly.
Well, then, what could it be?
As of today, I am a Hanbada
full-time attorney, Woo Young-woo.
Whether it's read straight
or flipped, it's Woo Young-woo.
Kayak, deed, rotator,
noon, racecar, Woo Young-woo.
Are you kidding? Full-time?
[grateful chuckle]
They really renewed your contract?
Yes.
Oh, that's so fantastic.
How come you didn't tell me before now?
Because now is when I'm saying it.
Yeah, okay.
[giggles]
Oh, Young-woo.
Congratulations!
Wait a second. Are you sure that
that emotion's not happiness?
I'm so very happy.
Mm, I am happy.
But that word doesn't quite explain it.
Or pride, perhaps?
[munches]
Mm, no, it's not pride.
-Satisfaction?
-Mm, no.
-Self-respect?
-That's not it.
Now that my daughter
is a full-time attorney at Hanbada,
I don't care if I die tomorrow.
But that doesn't get us any closer
to the word that I'm looking for.
[snickers]
Really great.
[bright music playing]
-Goodbye! See you tonight.
-[Gwang-ho] All right.
My daughter is an adult.
[train rumbles]
[railroad screeches]
Excuse me.
[whale calls]
[upbeat music playing]
[squeaking]
[revolving door clonking]
[blows air]
One, two, three. One, two, three.
One, two, three. One, two…
[sweet music playing]
One, two, three. One, two, three.
One, two…
[bright music playing]
[Jun-ho] Attorney Woo!
[footsteps]
Accomplishment!
Huh?
That's the name of the thing
that I'm feeling this morning!
Accomplishment! That's it!
[exhales]
[satisfied sigh]
[giggles]
[gentle music playing]